I have a lot of content I'll try to go
through it quickly and just plant a
bunch of ideas on your head I am happy
to expand more about these ideas after
you write so enter the interplanetary
well what's heard about that meet us
before can I get into put your hands who
must hurry or feels that they understand
what content addressing is okay like 70%
that's perfect he knows we'll crawl what
about process addressing is this thing
about okay there is some girl and really
about what up see our teepees oh there's
more people about these that person is
reversing surprise
what about taps okay okay a lot of
people what about service okay let's
forget this one I'm not sure about your
opinion about like definitely like the
definition of service today is not the
one that we think it is all right so the
way of these platform is we love and
it's do you see you I completely I guess
it's the Internet
sending packet so the web the platform
that we know that we love that we use
every day to acquire new knowledge
together your friends and our loved ones
to run our businesses it's kind of like
a very fragile might have heard of all
these before but like the reality is
like how many times during the our day
that like we enter a web page and
suddenly I began a 404 or that we go
into some location where the
connectivity is not that great and
because that like we cannot access all
this information that's behind I call
these services and the reason why that
happens is because like the way that the
internet is set up and this is like a
very simplistic diagram for me is that
we need to like kind of like resolve
names to an IP address and
PFS is what basically is the door to to
knock to get access to that service and
so if any path towards that service
breaks now our way to fund and service
also breaks but a lot of these services
are just like about moving information
around and so when you think about it
like why can all can I get the
information from other machines in
network if they have if I'm looking for
a Wikipedia page and it's another
machine already visited that Wikipedia
page why can't I girl when I get that
page or worse why sometimes like I'm
seeing a webpage and I go into a plane
and the plane takes off and i refresh my
page and suddenly just breaks it just
tells me like you're not connected
anymore but of course I was just like
seeing it with it what can I do how can
I make sure that like if I have all the
coffee I can use it and so and the web
is that's like extremely inefficient
like if we are we're all to like
streaming video to this room right now
we will literally like hammer all the
notes between us and the server that has
a video to download exactly the same
pipes and so this is just like a few of
the issues that the way mess today
like if taught us many problems like in
terms of permanence in terms of control
like he doesn't move it from flying and
it's connected scenarios that more you
will talk more about and also the
security model is not as robust as we
would hope it is and so ipfs really
comes to like solve all these problems
and more it comes to make the web work
apply this you will make it smarter
faster safer and make links permanent to
make sure that we can always find the
data that we are looking for and it does
this by changing one simple design on
the whole system which is instead of
accusing occasion addressing like HTTP
relies on it treats content and tries to
find content through its cryptographic
primitives fingerprints then so instead
of merely asking for where these cousin
lives I ask who has this contact
and when someone sends me the content I
can check the cryptographic ash so the
fingerprint of the file and see that I
received the right thing and and then at
the first I goes a little bit of smarter
things so it doesn't just grab the file
ashes the file and I trust well it just
forms the filing to what we call attack
directed acyclic graph which makes it
really convenient when we are sending
replicas or the same file or when we are
sending appetites of the same data sets
where instead of having to send the
whole thing over and over over again
I can just send the notes that are the
updates of 10,000 and so yeah what it
means like you can ever file that is
Charlotte across data network across
multiple machines phones desktops
laptops servers and I can pull the file
from everywhere at the same time getting
a faster speeds there's a lot be like
pillow these like not make these for
there's a lot of details that go into
the stack I wouldn't and the time to go
back to the deep bank on them today but
there's all these songs available online
and again as I said I'm super dull what
you like cool so can you use IP fence
today yes you can who is it fed up girl
with the people awesome so you have
their own offensive machine you girl it
is available it's fully open source you
can download it you can install it in
your machine you can use it as a package
or as an email you also have professor
mutation in JavaScript okay more popular
here so the FS accommodation in
JavaScript not only exists in JavaScript
it also there's something very special
which is it runs on the browser so I
give you this is the first purple there
as an implement
can run internally on a browser so
imagine like you all the script tag and
suddenly your browser get us access to
this peer-to-peer network can find files
anywhere that when they leave on a
network and even more fun if any that I
put it on a service worker so it doesn't
distract you from like your regular
application and it just runs in the
background and you can access all the
content from the network but if you are
not down to install things you can also
use that EFS HTTP gateway so we have
gate tools available that are on front
of the entire network that can fetch the
pass for you and you can download the
files from the network using regular
HTTP a and yeah and you can host your
websites using EFS who is hosting a
website on IP us through a TCP good way
all right
like we are like probably like 20% of
people that's awesome that is like it's
really nice to do video to explain to
you how to do it and yeah so there's a
bunch of activity a twist
they still exist and so yeah there is
this website where you can check out a
bunch of IP investigator isn't it fine
and really happy to be here on this
venue because confer join the family and
they are now one of the Hey not only
that they create like a very good vocal
explaining what is that this means and
also instructions out to host your own
website when ipfs using this gateway and
DNS link trick then you saw the image
before so yeah huge props to copper and
thank you for hosting cool so what about
okay I know I cannot cast his files and
are no files and reservoirs can I build
apps with it I care about the apps and
yes is yes and even better you can build
apps and apps are distributed
applications well this means is like
instead of having an app that I have
some central server where like everyone
has to content and download things from
you can like model your apps to not
require central point of authority like
peers can interact with
without having a mediator in the middle
and servers can still exist there's
still a role for servers for club but
they exist to prove to augment the
quality of a service and not to just
provide it and so the the application
can still work if the server is out
there or if the server is not accessible
but if the the server is accessible
probably the application the homeowner
experience is not too important and so
what does a adapt look like you can
check this application it's online its
public the source is also public so you
can do it as a blueprint for your own
apps this one is called pure path and
it's a peer-to-peer collaborative
editing tool followed by a few pests and
CR disease it's kind of like a Google
Docs
we don't Google think like when you are
working on a dog you get a real-time
experience and like you are physically
setting up its the Google and we always
like matching them together and like
distributing them to all the peers in
this case ear pad is able to send the
implants to all the other peers that are
participating on a document and peers
can figure the state of the document by
themselves and so yeah you can try it
it's like it's alpha so like of course
like if you find a bug please report
well then you can test it to them and as
I was saying like a way that these Forex
is there is this thing called TRD T
completely replicated data type there's
a worm-eating here and but like it's
just like a clever way kind of like a
contract that describes how you are
going to merge their tights and so every
pair without interacting with each other
as long as they get the updates they can
convert you to the same set which is
something really powerful knowledge in
appear browser provides which is
essential for applications is a way to
give permission so we write divisions to
this data and it uses a think of
cryptographic ACLs and maybe the case of
clear path it means like if it
distributes
public and private pairs through the URL
and I think what these keys
keep the users is a way for them to say
hey I have this metal key for this
document so I'm allowed to read it I
can't
they're plates I can like see what's
going on and if I have the private key I
can sign a flex I can send a place that
I sign with this private key and
therefore the other people participating
in this supplement can validate they
have this document then the disciplines
are valid and that they are part of the
set of peers that were allowed here I
know I just thrown a lot of like jargon
a lot of ideas with us while we just
text I get happy to explain this more
during the break and there's like many
like this is just like one of many other
applications there is like from social
networks there like the distributed
version of YouTube or toffee - there is
like market it's like like distributed
shops
there is streaming platforms there is a
gateway to access all the content of the
intern archive through my DFS there is
mix reality applications where like
content artifacts from archives get
loaded into this world and like the the
artifacts because they are so huge in
that same size it makes more sense to
transfer them try DFS because if you
have another device that is closed today
the devices can share the load and share
the responsibility with the students
these these assets screaming we have
shared like collaborative sharing of
files through with strong cryptographic
primitives that make sure like your data
stays private stay safe and you want to
share it with the people that you want
to share and we also have like
photo-sharing apps that enable you to
share photos through these peer-to-peer
web with your friends actually we have
at least two all the creators here of
two of these apps so if you want to know
what about peer girls you don't see at
all if you want to know more about the
mix reality reality you want you can
talk with that getting questions and so
yeah this is just like nine of the many
many Ike systems now checking at the
vest trying at the offense experimenting
with a TFS to make the for wear
and so yeah IV fantasy is a very large
open-source project completely
open-source you can check all the killed
all the discussions even our cults like
you can join every week while recalls we
have awesome at Mondays at 5:00 p.m. if
you don't have time to go to the call
you can always watch the recording after
and so the planning the execution the
creative thinking the research to design
all happens in get up and so everyone is
woke up
yeah I just say like a very large
community with over top 3,000
contributors and like more than 300
people come to our repos and like review
or Curl Curl review the designs of the
architecture participate with more ideas
it's it's very active and so I always
thought checking the time I like this is
it for me happy to answer your questions
over the break